***Agenda meeting on 25/03/2019***

First of all, register **attendance**.

Everybody is _here_

**What has everybody done?**

Razvan:
- GUI - Base, no stylying (Ilya wants to do the stylying)
- Profile, Badges, Achievements, Utilities and Transportation GUI. For the Utilities, we need to write the different options the user could choose from.
- Settings still to develop but should be fast.
- Goal: beautify the whole thing.

Marin:
- Initial survey which connects to API to establish a "standard" for the user. That way we can compute score based on average behaviour of the user
- Worked into the API (CoolClimate) to send data
- Created API connection
- Goal: Write Scoring System for the app

Ilya:
- GUI, creating concepts in Photoshop. Beautifying the whole app
- Finished mapping the transportation section with the server
- Idea: Transfer GUI into fxml to improve style

Edo:
- Accomplished mappings for Utilities, Settings, Friends, Transportation
- Added Mockito tests and reached a Server branch coverage of 100%

**Scoring system**
- XML parser is necessary
- How can we compute the CO2 footprint?
- Scoring system based on CO2 consumption needs to be implemented

**Goal for next week**

- By next week, we want to have a FULLY working app, with all the functionalities required in the rubric. It would be perfect to finish the whole project by next week since @Edo will not be in Delft from the 1st of April until the 12th.

**To Do List**

- Issues have been added on the Board for the upcoming week
- It's going to be intense

**Notes from Eric**

- Presentation should include Live Demo
- Guidelines for report can be found on Brightspace
- If CoolClimate API is too hard, just feel free to switch to something else

_Edo_